
6.4.2.2 Predefined identifiers

Semantics

   The identifier __func__ shall be implicitly declared by the translator
   as  if,  immediately  following  the  opening  brace  of each function
   definition, the declaration

   static const char __func__[] = "function-name";

   appeared,  where  function-name is the name of the lexically-enclosing
   function.66)

   For function literals, the function-name is unspecified.

[...]

(6.5.3.1) postfix-expression:

    primary-expression
    postfix-expression [ expression ]
    postfix-expression ( argument-expression-list opt )
    postfix-expression . identifier
    postfix-expression -> identifier
    postfix-expression ++
    postfix-expression --
    compound-literal
    function-literal

6.5.x Function literal

Syntax

    function-literal:
       (attribute-specifier-sequenceopt declaration-specifiers
           abstract-declarator) function-body

    function-body:
       compound-statement

Constraints

   - The abstract-declarator shall declare a function type.
   
   -  The  function-specifier, if any, in the function specifiers 
      shall be _Noreturn.
   
   -  The  storage-class specifier in the function specifiers 
      shall be not used. (Used only to keep the grammar in sync)

Semantics
   
   - The function literal is a function designator.
   
   - Distinct function literals are not required to have unique addresses
     Note:This allows implementations to reuse the same function literal, which
     is important to avoid code bloat caused by function literals inside
     function-like macros.

  -  Semeantics from function definitions that are applied to function literal are
     described at function definiitons.


6.7.5 Function specifiers

Syntax
      function-specifier:
            inline
           _Noreturn

 Constraints

   2  Function  specifiers  shall  be  used only in the declaration of an
   identifier for a function.


(6.8.3) block-item:

    declaration
    unlabeled-statement
    label
    function-definition


6.9 External definitions
[...]

   external-declaration:
       function-definition
       declaration

[...]

6.9.2 Function definitions

Syntax
    function-definition:
        attribute-specifier-sequenceopt declaration-specifiers declarator function-body

    function-body:
         compound-statement

  
Functions can be external or locally defined.

Constraints

   2  The identifier declared in a function definition (which is the name
   of  the  function)  shall  have  a  function type, as specified by the
   declarator portion of the function definition.

   3  The  return  type  of a function shall be void or a complete object
   type other than array type.

   4  The  storage-class specifier, if any, in the declaration specifiers
   of a function defined at tile scope shall be either extern or static.
   For local functions, it must use static.

   5  If  the parameter list consists of a single parameter of type void,
   the parameter declarator shall not include an identifier.

   6 Variable length array types of unspecified size shall not be used as
   part of a parameter declaration in a function definition.

Semantics

   7  The  optional attribute specifier sequence in a function definition
   appertains to the function.

   8  The  declarator  in a function definition specifies the name of the
   function being defined and the types (and optionally the names) of all
   the parameters; the declarator also serves as a function prototype for
   later  calls  to  the  same function in the same translation unit. The
   type of each parameter is adjusted as described in 6.7.7.4.

   9 If a function that accepts a variable number of arguments is defined
   without  a  parameter  type list that ends with the ellipsis notation,
   the behavior is undefined.

   10  The  parameter  type list, the attribute specifier sequence of the
   declarator  that  follows  the  parameter  type list, and the compound
   statement of the function body form a single block.192) Each parameter
   has  automatic  storage  duration;  its  identifier, if any,193) is an
   lvalue.194) The layout of the storage for parameters is unspecified.

   11  On  entry  to  the function, the size expressions of each variably
   modified  parameter  and  typeof  operators  used  in  declarations of
   parameters  are evaluated and the value of each argument expression is
   converted  to  the  type  of  the  corresponding  parameter  as  if by
   assignment.  (Array  expressions and function designators as arguments
   were converted to pointers before the call.)
   
   12 For local defined functions using a variably modified  return type, 
   the VM types are evaluated at the point of function definition.

   13  After all parameters have been assigned, the compound statement of
   the function body is executed.

   14  Unless  otherwise specified, if the } that terminates the function
   body  is  reached,  and  the value of the function call is used by the
   caller, the behavior is undefined.

   15 Labels from the enclosing function are not shared beteen the enclusing f
   function and the local defined functions.

   15 The variables;tab;enumerbers from the enclosing function are accessible
     in the body of the localled defined function 
   
   16 Object with automatica storage duration from tehe enclosing function are
   visible. Constexpr objects can be evaluated inside the body of the local funcatio
   but they become non lvalues. Non constexpr objects with automatic durarion
   from the enclosing function cannot be evaluated inside the body of local function.
   



A.3 Phrase structure grammar
[...]

 (6.5.3.1) postfix-expression:

    primary-expression
    postfix-expression [ expression ]
    postfix-expression ( argument-expression-listopt )
    postfix-expression . identifier
    postfix-expression -> identifier
    postfix-expression ++
    postfix-expression --
    compound-literal
    function-literal


[...]

 (6.9.1) external-declaration:

    external-function-definition
    declaration

(6.9.2) external-function-definition:
    attribute-specifier-sequenceopt declaration-specifiers declarator function-body

